No, the beauty pageant. I want the winner
There's still a month left, just in time.
Hahahaha, did I hear it right?
He's the only one who's fat like that
I still want to participate in beauty pageants
Hahahaha ok
Li Li, stop making trouble
Beauty pageant winner for two consecutive years
It's all Tao Huimin
You say so?
I'm more confident
He can do it, why not?
Where did the confidence come from?
Our Huimin face and body
Those who put Shili Baxiang were picked at the beginning
That's right, doesn't this fat woman look in the mirror?
Li Li
I know you are eager to appear in front of Brother Lin Ange
But we have to do what we can.
Go to a beauty pageant like this
Didn't you embarrass Brother Lin?
Jiang Lili, you are my wife
No need to prove it to anyone
I'm serious.
Lili
At that time, people from Shili Baxiang will come to watch the game
Like you
Didn't you let Lin Ange be pointed at the nose and laughed at?
Is that right? Then I'll see who dares to laugh at him.
Your brother An
They say you have to go now
Jiang Lili
I may have something to go out for.
Maybe go away for a month
During this time, you always stay at home and don't run around
Hey, Xu Lingan
You will come back for that aesthetic competition, right?
I try my best
Xu Lingan, you must come back, I will wait for you.
Jiang Lili
You don't really think that Brother Lin An is going to do it
It's okay, he just doesn't believe you
I'm afraid you will embarrass him then.
That's why I went out to avoid you being so angry
Are you afraid of losing to me?
I am afraid of losing to you
My father is the village chief
Then the judges will listen to my dad
And you
What qualifications do you have to compete with me?
Don't be here to make fun of Xuanxu for me
This damn fat guy doesn't even deserve to carry my shoes
Tao Huimin, then you listen to me too
I'm fat and I can lose weight
And if you are ugly, you can only be ugly for the rest of your life.
Really not afraid of dead pigs
Boiling water is scalding, let's wait and see